team 294 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 399 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 599 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 691 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 968 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 1148 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 1515 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 1538 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 2073 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 2404 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 2429 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 2543 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 2584 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 2658 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 2659 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 3993 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 4014 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 4123 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 4322 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 4419 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 5012 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 5458 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 5857 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 5869 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 6060 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 6305 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 6479 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 6657 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 7444 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 7607 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 7673 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 7682 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 8006 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 8569 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 8768 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 9471 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 9666 scored on average 0.0 amp notes in auto
team 5137 scored on average 0.1111111111111111 amp notes in auto
team 1836 scored on average 0.625 amp notes in auto
team 6072 scored on average 0.6363636363636364 amp notes in auto

last updated at 2024-04-05 14:33:32.697866